Hello everyone and welcome to the array interview problems.
Half of this section of the course.
So as you already know technical sections are essentially split up into two parts theory and learning
exercises and then the interview problems and solutions.
So sometimes that theory lines up really well with common interview questions.
And unfortunately this isn't actually the case with a raise.
Most likely you're going to find that the injury problems here just for the section don't have much
in common with the theory and exercise lectures and that's just because of the way array based questions
are asked in interviews.
So another thing to mention on the array interview problems is don't use Python tricks when answering
the interview problems and this will also be noted in specific interview problems.
So for example if you're asked to reverse a string.
Don't use a python slicing trick since your interviewer isn't really looking for that.
Again these interview problems will seem very challenging if you find yourself completely stuck.
Try writing out what you would do manually to solve the problem.
Just brute force solution and it's highly suggested you try solving these.
Pen and paper or a white board.
First don't just code out your solution so using a white board or pen and paper for a problem makes
it much harder.
You're completely stuck on a problem and I've already tried brute forcing it.
Is it one or two days.
Try it again.
And if you're still stuck look at the solution and code it out then wait one or two days and try the
problem again on pen and paper.
Keep in mind what the requirements are for that specific interview problem.
So again the lectures alternate between problems and their solutions.
So just keep that in mind.
But that being said good luck you got this thanks and I'll see you at the first interview problem.